update oncoThread & threadStates to accept (#301)
hms-dbmi/gehlenborglab-website: _publications/wang-2021-threadstates.md

  - nils-gehlenborg

year: 2021
type: article

publisher: "https://doi.org/10.31219/osf.io/vcskm"
cite:
  authors: "Qianwen Wang, Tali Mazor, Theresa Harbig, Ethan Cerami, Nils Gehlenborg"

>   published: Proceedings of IEEE VIS 2021, to appear

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  published: Accepted at IEEE VIS 2021 and IEEE Transactions on Visualization and Computer Graphics.
```
